Type classes
Operator overloading - Using type classes
Closures. Reference counted
Exceptions.
Strings in the standard library
Typesafe enums/bitfields
Type inference
Methods should capture as closures containing the self parameter. Address of methods results in a function pointers with a self argument.
. and [] operators dereferences pointers
Numeral and string literals with general types. They are converted to the right type at compile-time using templates.
Most things should be expressions. Returns should be explicit
Constructors and destructors
D like copy constructor which copies fields. No access to source. Assignment operator inferred from this
C++ concepts/Haskell type classes for all templates arguments, no structured typing
No overloading functions to simplify type inference? Allow overloading arity, doesn't interfer with type inference.
A(8) can be both instantitation and constructors, use A[8] for the template argument instead? Yes

Type families, not template specialization
	No template specialization to simplify type inference? Yes, use type families to work around this.
	No changing of struct public interface to simplify type inference? Is this a problem? Same as above. Perhaps allow an extended API for fixed types, like a Vector with a default constructors taking no allocator
	Only allow specialization in template Name {} syntax. Function and struct templates can have their type inferred. Or have use module A(T) {} for that kind of template and use a template keyword for specialization of all types.

Operator new and delete be functions

Handle non-copyable and opaque types with errors on the code generation level
	
Use whitespace for indentation? Yes
	The indentation which a block starts with is expected to be use for the rest of the block. Don't allow mixing of tabs and space	
	Whitespace-only (empty) lines are ignored
	Use an counter for disabling whitespace?
	Have scopes of blocks where "if a > 1" creates a new one based on the indentation the line it's on? Fall back to the old scope when done
	A process that skips all lines/comments at the start of a file and finds the first line with content. Use the indentation of that as the global scope indentation
